"I am taking carbamazepine for seizures, but found that I was gaining a lot of weight (22 pounds in 2 months).
Today is day 2 on the Acetazolamide and I am sick to my stomach, feeling a bit dizzy and withdrawn.
While the medicine works amazingly well on the headaches, my brain basically turns to mush when I'm on it and I can't function well enough to do my job or understand my school work.
"Extreme increase in high BLOOD pressure to the point that vein in my forehead enlarged & was pounding so hard it hurt & I was very frightened.
Did not inform me of fact that I could not take vitamins and should supplement with potassium & that sudden discontinuation of medication is NOT advisable
EXTREMELY ADVERSE & FEARFUL REACTION.
"I was experiencing blurred vision, fatigue, loss of appetite, lack of concentration and an increased amount of severe headaches.
He then sent me for a spinal tap which revealed I had pressure in my head double the normal.
I have had no appetite, consistent nausea, and I throw up on a regular basis.
"I was diagnosed with Pseudotumor Cerebri 2 weeks ago after experiencing blurry vision and dizziness for sometime.
I got an eye exam done and they saw I had a swollen optic nerve.
"I was diagnosed with pseudo tumor cerebri almost two years ago now and I've had a spinal tap done after a year of crippling painful headaches, blurred vision, bright red inflamed eyes, dizziness, the spinal tap unfortunetly went wrong and I had a spinal leakage from the high inter cranial pressure with an absolute horrible spinal headache so I had to have a blood patch then put on acetazolimide with the painful tingling sensations on my face arms and feet I couldn't sleep and I pee all night.
I take 1500mg of it 3 pills a day and although it's helped clear my eyes my headaches, the wind tunnel noise in my ears of the fluid is still very loud I'm totally off balance and I have forgetfulness all the time not to mention I'm always tired.
It makes you very tired, contiptated, dizzy, lack if appetite, some temporary 
hearing issues in one ear.
It definitely works but side effects this time worst of all.
Am dizzy and fell, pins and needles hands, feet and face.
Nausea.
While taking this tab - depression and dark thoughts are more and I have no interest in food, and also my hands tickle like they are in water.
The main side effect for me is the eggy taste inmy mouth, constant loose bowels, numbness in my hands and feet and face, feeling cold, tired and week.
My vision would go in and out for about 2-5 seconds at a time.
The only cons were the metallic taste and tingling.
"For lowering pressure the medication is very effective, however the side effects are a nightmare.
I get tingling sensations everywhere, dehydration, increased urine, drowsiness.
The side effects have been very difficult at times.
I have experienced all of the common side effects including loss of appetite (lost 40 pounds), tingling from hands to elbows and toes to knees, and intestinal problems.
Day 2: change in taste buds, carbonated drinks taste awful, cheese is terrible.
Tingling in lips, face and hands.
Moderate stomach pain.
Feelings of lethargy, decreased appetite, generally feel unwell.
"I have been taking this for a month and my blood sugar keeps dropping out.
I feel terrible and weak all the time.
I get numbness everywhere.
I call my mom nearly everyday complaining of a new pain.
From the horrible tingly sensation in my hands and feet, to the horrible confusion, and now extreme pain in my abdomen, I'm ready for this all to stop.
I'm on 500 mg/daily and can't even operate my vehicle! I am always so out of it it makes finished my homework assignments difficult let alone to constant new pains I always complain about.
I am pretty tough but when it comes to seeing my doctor every week due to the side effects of this medication, it's not worth it.
I was hospitalized for 5 days after experiencing paralysis in my legs, severe headaches, nausea and visual impairment.
I have constant problems with electrolyte deficiencies and have to take additional medications to alleviate other problems.
On the first day I experienced tingling on my feet that lasted at most 5 minutes and I woke up disorientated on whether it was 9 the same night, the next night, or the next morning.
I already urinate frequently due to my water intake.
Once my dosage was increased I started breaking out in hives (in upper body) turns out I am allergic to it.
As far as side effects, I have had some.
The tingling, which is everywhere, turns to sheer pain if your out in the wind.
By day 10 of taking the medicine, my lips started to purse on their own.
Now I'm back on it, 125mg/day, same side effects.
"I have been recently diagnosed with the disease called BIH which occurs mostly in women and very young children and currently taking Diamox with annoying side effects such as pins and needles in feet, hands and lips which can last up to 2 hours at a time and be painful.
I wake every night with interrupted sleep with a headache or temperature! I have been turned off a lot of food but mainly fizzy drinks.
The side effects are awful.
no appetite, foggy head (I am barely able to function day to day), nausea, everything you try to eat tastes AWFUL.
It did not kick in until the third day when I finally woke up without a headache.
However, after one day of the pill I have seen its side effects.
Pepsi tasted like soapy dish water with a hint of bleach and I noticed the tingling in my lips.
I just find that my legs fall asleep faster if I'm not moving them.
When my lips tingle it kind of makes me laugh, it wont freak you out.
I can not stay awake taking this medicine.
I get up and try to sit on couch and within 5 min I’m out.
I can’t even walk properly because my balance is so off.
The only side effects I have are the tingling in hands and feet, sodas taste flat, my appetite is gone, and I am tired a lot.
Numbness and tingling of hands and feet started almost immediately after 1st dose.
With the increase to 750mg, (500mg in am and 250mg in afternoon ) I started getting horrible knee pain in both knees.
Optic disks and papilledema and retinal damage due to IIH.
The side effects are rough.
"My eye pressure was up in the 40s and Dr.
About 20 mins later I started feeling numbness all over my legs, arms, nose and upper lip.
I was needing to pee very often and was super low energy the rest of the day.
On all three occasions my eye pressure soared into the 60's and 70's before I started to come down 7-11 hours later.
My body temperature plummeted, I just shivered and could not keep warm for the first few hours.
Within the first 24 hours my legs weakened considerably and significantly limited my capacity to walk.
My speech and cognitive function also slowed noticeably.
Using Diamox for over one week triggered mood changes and suicidal thoughts.
Upon discontinuation of this my blood pressure soared to 166/110 with some fluctuations for 2weeks afterwards.
I had brain surgery in December, all my symptoms went away, and then I got some double vision and my eyes showed papilledema.
I remembered the tingling and no appetite and no taste for caffeine.
I was in so much pain I couldn't walk I felt weak and sick.
I delevoped carpal tunnel on this medicine.
They diagnosed me with what you call a fluid tumor on my brain, which causes to much pressure on my brain which then causes migraine headaches, really bad ones.
My pressures were great, but the side effects from this were no fun.
I experienced dizziness, tingling in my toes, and worst of all, my taste was off.
The worse taste difference I noticed was in caffeinated beverages and that's what caused my to do some looking around to see what was going on.
"The first two weeks I had general numbness of my whole face, tried to take a sip of soda and everyone thought I was overreacting to how disgusting it tasted.
I also had terrible pins and needles in my feet that woke me up in the middle of the night.
That has gone away now but when they upped my dose I discovered now that I am having severe joint pain in my knees and have been unable to function regularly at my job which I was very good at before.
I forget stuff very easily, which I didn't know is a side effect but I saw others here stated the same.
I have chronic mild metabolic acidosis and have had one kidney stone in the past 16 yrs due to Acetazolamide, but it has been well worth the side effects.
"Diamox put me in remission after about six months, but it began to cause tinnitus and hearing problems.
The side effects are awful! I have lost 29lbs in THREE weeks! I am unable to hold anything down, everything tastes nasty or like I'm eating pennies.
Constant fatigue and restlessness.
The prickling in the hands and toes, not to mention the constant nausea.
whereas last year when I first tried it I couldn't stand it.
I get very bothersome tingling that doesn't go away, often waking at night with extremely painful tingling in my feet that causes me to have to get up.
I get crippling headaches, that hurts when I even breathe, and the last time I was on the medication, the headaches got worse while I was taking it.
I am currently back on the medicine and have to go to the bathroom every 10 minutes.
"I developed a pseudo tumor over the course of a weekend.
My intracranial hypertension onset was so fast because it was brought on by taking an extended round of tetracycline for a persistent sinus infection.
My dosage of Diamox had been 1000mg/day but it was flushing my antidepressant out of my system too fast so it was lowered to 500mg/day.
"I took this medicine once and the side effects are horrible.
It decreases my potassium to the point that I felt the pressure on my head and it feels like I was about to collapse.
My whole body started to feel numb and I was shaking and scared.
(I was about to panic when I felt that numbness all over my body ) but I stayed calm and rested but I can still feel the tingling sensation.
I pee a lot , dizziness and I feel like it triggers my anxiety.
Earlier I went to my opthamologist and he is kind of shocked that I said I was about to collapse and he said that don't take that medicine because of the side effects.
Right now I can still feel the tingling in my fingers and foot.
I have couple days taking this medication twice daily, and it give me some side effects.
gives me tingling in my fingers and toes, nausea and I also experienced dizziness but my doctor says it will go away in two weeks.
I relapsed about a week ago and had an opening pressure of 55 after having extremely loud pulsatile tinnitus for a week.
I was put on 1g of Diamox and for the past week the whooshing noise has gotten much, much softer and sometimes I can't even hear it.
The first couple days I was much more tired and almost foggy minded.
Also had to urinate much more often.
The only main symptom I have now is light tingling in my feet.
I am 60 lbs overweight.
My mouth is dry and my lips are somewhat numb.
Felt the side effects within the first hour.
Tingling in my hands and feet, some days my face.
There were even days when my eyes and lips would twitch.
All carbonated drinks taste like drinking battery acid.
I got a lumbar puncture and then started Diamox and it has been an awful experience.
The first week and a half I was severely exhausted had nausea and the taste issue and basically wasn't functional.
Then for about a week or so I seemed to be getting better until a few days ago when I've been very rapidly getting new symptoms/side effects like severe joint pain, itchy scalp, and waking up with my eyelids swollen half shut and then this morning my lips where extremely swollen.
I had to go to the ER to make sure it wasn't an allergic reaction but it seems to be just a weird reaction to the meds (not allergic).
I developed a rare side effect of blurred vision/myopia which came on about an hour after the second dose of diamox.
The myopia lasted for 72 hours after ceasing the medication.
It almost ruined my trip but fortunately vision returned just in time to start the hike.
but I'm still having really bad headache's and swelling of my eyeballs, so yesterday my neurologist decided that instead of taking two pills in the morning and two pills at night, I'll start taking three pills in the morning and three pills at night.
"Confusion, lethargy, diarrhea, hyperchloremia, CO2 16, nausea, dizziness".
All seemed well for the first two weeks, and now we are back to the beginning with headaches, swelling of the face, blurred vision and unusual tiredness.
The most annoying side effect was the tingling in my feet and knees.
I also had to go pee at least 20 times a day and each time I would pee a hell lot of water.
This was mostly disturbing when I was at work and had to get up every 30 minutes to go to the bathroom.
Like when I'm trying to sleep my feet tingle and go crazy and it makes it impossible to sleep.
It also made me have little to no appetite and I have lost 20 pounds in about 2 months.
I my neurologist told me that long term use of this medication can cause kidney damage, but 6 months to a year shouldn't be a worry.
I have lost 8 IBS being on it already, tingling in the fingers, and around my lips.
My family Dr took me off the prednisone after a few months and I gained over 100lbs.
The Diamox caused me weird side effects.
My face was all "tingling", everything I ate or drank tasted metallic (especially if it was fruit or carbonated).
Eventually the tingling started down my neck, chest, and hands/arms.
"I have been taking this medicine for only two weeks after being diagnosed with pseudotumor cerebri and it is awful.
I feel like everything is getting worse.
it's multiple times a day, walking, standing, sitting, laying down, I feel worse now than I did before.
The first month was pretty bad - my hands, feet, and legs were falling asleep and I experienced painful tingling and cramps.
My joints also had problems, and I had to wear a brace on my knee for a little while.
I was more lethargic.
Anything carbonated tasted awful.
I couldn't drink caffeine or my whole body would feel weird and tingly.
I also had to pee a lot during the first few weeks and was quite thirsty.
However, a new side effect appeared after about two years - tinnitus.
Started losing my eyesight and then they found a blood clot in the main artery of my brain.
The drowsiness is the worst part because several other medicines I take cause drowsiness also.
I have lost 8lbs since starting it.
"Side effects far worse than Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension (IIH) it's self.
Constantly nauseous, made no difference to headaches/pressure, suffered with slight breathing difficulties & palpitations, the tingling in hands and feet were more like cramp than tingling in the end.
gave me acetazolamide which got rid of the pressure, but caused these insane rashes everywhere on my legs and extreme muscle pain.
Side effects are horrible.
And I also have noticed more and more side effects the longer I take the meds.
Yes, this caused severe abdominal and GI upset for almost the first month I was taking it and a little bit here and there.
The most common side effects I have are tingling in hands, face, and feet and dry mouth.
Carbonated drinks are strange tasting as well.
"Day 21 
I had completely lost my eyesight, imagine that.
Losing 20/10 vision at 25 years old.
The side effects, I get a lil tingle in my feet for a minute maybe 4x a day, carbon drinks taste weird.
sickness on tours I've been on since Bolivia.
"I have congenital glaucoma this medication was prescribed to me in 2009 the worse medication I've ever had.
Tingling of the toes, fingers at times lips.
Worse headache of my life and it's related to Diamox according to my doctor.
The headache becomes so bad I can't think straight.
Also, accompanied with this medication it falls down horribly on my stomach unbelievable pain as well as dizzy symptoms.
Of all of the side effects, a spacey feeling for about 10 minutes the first two times, and tingling fingers and toes.
"I had swelling around my optic nerves causing vision problems and also had debilitating headaches that got worse with movement and made it impossible to exercise.
I lived with it for years unknowingly and got progressively worse.
There are 2 side effects I experience, tingling in my feet which was very bothersome but has lessened and that any beverages with carbonation taste terrible.
The worst side effect for me was the spacey and droggy-ness I felt.
"I felt horrible for the first two weeks after being diagnosed with pseudotumor cerbri, and taking the medicine 1000mg a day.
"I had high pressure in eye after cataract surgery.
I also have edema of the legs and it gets so bad that at times I retain over 20 lbs of water which slows me down terribly.
I have gained so much weight because I barely move at times and have not been as active as I once was.
My legs and now my abdomen are filled with fluid.
"Miserable! I was tired.
Weak, couldn't stand or walk.
My lips were chapped, burning and the corners of my mouth were red and raw.
Food and drink burned when swallowed.
Every time I take one of these pills I get a new symptom.
My kidney function has been weaker.
My body aches all over.
The yucky taste.
Extremely tired and feel like I've been beat.
I feel like bricks are laying inside my hips.
This stuff sucks!!".
I experienced extreme tiredness dizziness headaches and had a decrease in appetite.
After about 2 days I noticed numbness and tingling in my hands and feet ringing in my ears a stabbing pressure pain in my eyes and abdominal pain I had to pee every 20-30 min and had extreme diarrhea instantly after every meal, all my bowel movements are diarrhea.
The soles of my feet were tingling with such intensity they hurt.
Did not last long, then around my mouth started tingling, feels like I ate as mango which I am highly allergic to.
(Basically, part of my brain is squeezing through the opening at the base of the skull where the spinal cord enters, and is putting pressure on the spinal cord - it's a congenital thing in almost all cases, but for me wasn't diagnosed until age 34.
The tingling is the only side effect that hasn't gone away, and most of the time it doesn't bother me, but sometimes it's intense enough that I feel like I'm suffering oxygen deprivation from hyperventilating - my hands even start to go stiff.
"In the ER for the 2nd time with a horrific headache.
I have lost 11 pounds in that week due to the loss of appetite.
Nothing tastes good to me anymore.
I urinate every 2 hours minimum.
I get a tingling feeling in my fingers, face and legs.
It made me always tired, gave me diarrhea, made my hands and feet tingle almost to the point of pain, and made it so I could not stay warm.
But this time around I had horrible side effects: nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, extremely tired, brain fog,weakness.
