"Works very well to prevent symptoms of Acute Mountain Sickness with no perceived side effects.
This actually speeds up the bodys acclimitization process and doesn't just treat the symptoms.
After doing much search on the web I found an article where a doctor did research on 15 patients that had weight gain on carbamazepine and found that by taking the Acetazolamide the patients were able to lose the weight they had gained and maintained the weight lost.
05mg of clonazepam which minimized I'mworst of pounding/pulsing in vein in forehead directly over /above left eye.
"Very good.
Headache has gone, feeling much less foggy and dizzy.
Everything's going well.
I just want everyone who's scared of taking it because of the horror stories to realise it's not bad.
This is a mild diuretic, and as such is very safe for most people.
The tingling is normal - apparently Vit C can help, and I've taken one this morning and had no tingling.
I've had it 3 years now, diagnosed for 1 year, and on meds for 2 days, and I can feel a massive improvement.
Diamox is very effective to reduce the pressure in the eye but the problem is side effects.
I had no appetite, constipation and hearing loss.
After being checked for everything under the sun in blood work I was told I was fine.
I noticed within about 2 days of taking the medication the blurred vision is completely gone.
This helped getting me used to the side effects so far I have the tingling in fingers and sometimes mouth.
I pee alot but am trying to lose weight so drinking lots of water and eating healthy and no pop is likely helping to.
Although I have had tingling in my hands and feet as well as lethargy, the pressure behind my eyes has already started to go down.
My ophthalmologist was very pleased today with the optic nerve scan and said there has been decrease of pressure in both eyes.
A little tingle here or there and a bit of sleepiness is worth saving my vision! So far, I'm a happy girl!".
Very effective in lowering pressure but side affects were trouble some.
"Its a good medicine to decrease the Eye pressure.
After stopping the medicine it takes a few days to decrease all the worst symptoms.
This medication has worked wonders.
I did have tingling and numbness in my feet, finger, nose, lips but that eased off by taking Vitamin C or eating oranges, (this was recommended by my doctor and it works).
Now the tingling and numbness are gone.
I don't know what I would have done without this medication.
I finally seen the ophthalmologist who said my optic nerves were swollen & referred me to a neurologist who had me do an MRI, 1 spinal tap (where my pressure was so high at 44, so they relieved some of the spinal fluid down to 20), then they finally decided to put me on Acetazolamide 500mg ER.
It doesn't help that I'm also a teenager who needs to concentrate on my studies so it's a miracle I managed to get through school recently.
This medication, along with my lumbar puncture, has stopped my vision loss.
Brain pressure remains high but vision is saved.
I'm glad most of my symptoms seem to be normal as I have read yours.
She started me on diamox and it has done wonders!!! I can see at dark now and I don't have constant eye pain/pressure, neck pain or problems sleeping.
I do have numbness and tingling but it's more amusing to me than painful.
It helps so much with the IH even with the tingling and taste issue side effects, I don't know what I'd do without it.
"I absolutely depend on this medication.
This medicine has helped a lot so I will continue on taking it.
I do not have any negative side effects.
I have tried to stop taking the medication but had to return to it due to the severe headaches and cranial swelling.
This is still the best treatment I have experienced.
My psuedotumor symptoms have disappeared though.
"I have only been on this stuff for a couple of weeks now but it has been a miracle drug for me.
I have seen immediate relief.
My visual disturbances dropped from a few times per hour to a few times per day.
I didn't think I had too bad of headaches before being diagnosed with PTC, but ever since I've been taking Diamox and the pressure has gone down my head feels normal again.
I do get the tingles in my feet at times but it isn't too bad.
Worth it.
My kids laughed because I had "duck face" for several days, even after stopping the med.
"It works well as a diuretic.
My ENT (specialized in this area) first put me on another diuretic (after steroid injections and treatments which worked, but were not a good long term treatment plan) and we noticed no improvement.
Once on Diamox (generic) my speech recognition went from 72 to 88% over 2 months! Like many of you, it wasn't long before the side effects started.
My massive headaches are gone, the heartbeat in my ear is gone.
"Helps for spasms".
It was annoying but not painful.
It only slightly helped the eye pressure issue.
I have regained most of my vision, I had lost most of.
I have an allergy to the pills so I take medication to stop the hives and itching and sometimes the pins and needles in my legs bring me to tears.
I still give it a 10 because despite the side effects it beats the alternative because I have not had a headache since I started the medication and my eyes get better everyday.
"Good.
It's only been two days, but I feel much better already.
My foggy head feels like it's clearing, my eyes feel clearer, my headaches are minimal and I feel great.
Yeah, I've had a bit of tingling, but it's really nothing - just like normal pins and needles, which I was getting anyway, so I can't even tell if it's this or not; even if it is, it's not distressing in the least.
Now, I feel perfectly safe with the side effectsa.
Acetazolamide helps keeps my potassium up (along with Potassium Chloride - immediate release) to a safe level the majority of the time.
My hearing is fine now, but I cannot take Diamox again if my PTC returns.
Now I have been put back on Diamox for almost the last two weeks and I find only sometimes will I get any tingling at all.
What I find works for me is taking the tablet whilst I'm eating, keeping my fluid up (only water), soft drinks and "bad" foods do tend to make it worse so I try to stay away from these.
I find Diamox really does work if you're prepared to go that extra mile!".
The tingling went down, too.
This drugs makes my job easier.
But this medicine helped my eye pressure.
I take Vitamin C to help with the tingling and have barely noticed it.
I'm thankful my body is responding well this time but it's different for everybody.
"Without the medication, I have major headaches, sinus headaches, one eye will begin to bulge, and my head will feel like a balloon.
With the medication, I'm good.
Than after the first couple days, my body got very used to it.
My eye pressure was down from 39 to 28 in a weeks time.
My appetite is lessened which I am so glad about.
But from everything I have read the side effects to this medication or any other would have to be really bad before I'd say I can't take this medication any more.
I pray the meds work so I do not need a shunt.
The first few weeks sucked, but it gets better with time.
I just saw my eye specialist yesterday, 6 months of being on the miracle medicine, and the Diamox (and shedding a few pounds) has done it's job and not a trace of swelling! I'm able to come off it in a few short weeks.
"Diamox changed my life I had 24/7 pressure headache for 7 years of my life I went everywhere even to the mayo clinic and had test after test and scan after scan and finally my local neurologist tried this medication and it has made me able to live again for the first time in 7 years! I was diagnosed with chronic daily headache and told I would never get better but to everyone suffering there is hope don't believe what a few drs say keep searching for answers.
"I'm 28 and I was diagnosed with Pseudotumor a little over two years now I've had a VP shunt an LP shunt and multiple lumbar punctures, I've been taking Acetazolmide and I've had no side effects so far.
It helped us both sleep, avoided getting ill and suppressed our appetites.
We did feel some very slight dizziness/lightheadedness when we first started it, but were able to pretty much ignore it.
I highly recommend it if you will be unable to acclimate - your trip will not be spoiled by getting sick.
"I only had side effects for the first 2 weeks.
Luckily, my hand were fine.
My head also felt pretty light and I fell asleep easily during the day.
"My experience with acetazolamide has been okay.
(I got IIH because it was a rare side effect of an antibiotic I was on for my acne, minocycline) it has been VERY effective at relieving the pressure, but gives really annoying side effects, like tingling of my fingers, face, and toes.
I no longer drink pop anymore at all, it works.
In this time I have found it a very effective drug.
"This medication saved my vision and made my headaches go away.
I have the side effects of metallic taste with fizzy drinks and some sexual dysfunction but it doesn't effect my daily life.
"Works amazingly!".
"Effective, but not without side effects.
Over time, most of the side effects went away, and my pressure went down.
My vision problems completely went away.
The diamox has helped the foggy brain.
The side effects weren't bad had tingling for few days, metallic taste and drowsiness.
I did have pain in my joints for first two days but it went away.
Without this medication I have seven to eight episodes weekly.
It really a is a miracle drug!!!! For the tingling sensation I take emernc it's a vitamin and immune booster.
I also found a whole list of medications and food you can't take while taking diamox on Pinterest and as long as I stay on top of everything I feel better".
My ophthalmologist has seen an improvement.
The benefits that I have had with my vision and headaches has been wonderful.
It really works, but had tingling effects in my hands and feet as well as the drowsiness/tiredness.
With the correct dosage I was able to reasonably maintain my headaches.
These are tolerable side effects compared to pain off of the medication.
My eye doctor, after a month of different testing, diagnosed me with pseudotumor cerebri and a neurologist started me on diamox and within two weeks my eye turned straight again, and the headaches and double vision were gone.
I experienced the common tingling in my hands and feet, difficulty drinking carbonated beverages, small rashes, and lethargy from diamox, but it was all bearable after a week and within a month I am fixed.
This drug is truly a miracle for people who suffer with the effects of altitude problems.
Very few side effects that I experience.
Tingling in your fingers and toes on occasion, little tired, but not extreme.
The diamox dropped my pressure in both eyes to 5 which is low.
But I am regaining vision no peripheral vision yet but I am blessed to have something.
Diamox has been a wonder drug in preventing alt.
Tingling and bad tasting soda symptoms are greatly reduced at that dosage compared to the 250mg I initially used.
Within 2 hours of taking diamox the ringing in my ears stopped completely and the pressure behind my eyes went away as well as headaches I've dealt with for years.
I was shocked that this medicine is working as one of the side effects was ringing in the ears but I am having the opposite effect.
"In a pretty critical situation after cataract surgery, this drug brought it totally in line.
Side effects for me were mild though annoying.
All in all worth it for short term treatment.
"All I have to say is that this pill has made my life so much better.
Ever since I've never been the same until now although I deal with the side effects (sleepy, muscle weakness , tiredness, tingling ) being sleepy has been the worst to cope with because I'm a mother and I have things to do BUT at least some days I'm able to function well and that's better than nothing.
I have been taking generic Diamox for 3 weeks and haven't had a single headache.
Once I was diagnosed and took the medicine the pressure went away, but the side effects started.
Tingling and bad tasting carbonation is something that you can deal with when the bowling ball size pressure in your brain is gone.
I have had no more headaches or pressure in my sinuses since the first few weeks of starting it.
This lowered the pressure in two days.
Made me spacey and I slept a lot but it worked!".
"This medicine helped me so much to relieve some of the pressure in my head and leveled the pressure in my eyes.
The pills helped me greatly and kept me active.
Started diamox and it changed my life.
Within days I was feeling so much relief.
Over time, my dose went up and the next move was an LP shunt which has worked wonders for almost 8 years.
Yet again, symptoms under control with it.
Yes I have weird tingling in my face hands and legs, and I can't drink carbonated beverages, oh well - I'm thankful to be functioning and not nauseous and dizzy and disoriented all day long.
Diamox is the best thing other than my shunt for this disease.
I fluctuate back and forth with the once and twice a day because he will not let me stop taking it and all of the affects still remain after 8 months of treatment but it has decreased the fluid levels on my brain and I lost 30 pounds are the only benefits".
"While there are some side effects, and it doesn't completely eliminate my condition, Diamox has allowed me to live a normal life.
Still, more pros than cons for me.
I started this medicine in the hospital for two days and can say this is the first time in over 6 months I have not had a headache.
I can tolerate the tingling and the weird taste carbon has now but that is a minor inconvenience compared to head feeling like its in a world champion soccer game.
It has alleviated the headaches though!".
Finally this was prescribed as a last attempt since it is not FDA approved to treat headaches and since I have had at least 2 weeks with a headache that is much more improved than before I can actually function most days now.
This medication causes me to have severe muscle aches, weakness, fatigue, tingling in hands, feet and face along with nausea but its still better than how I was before.
So, the Acetazolamide was very effective in accomplishing its purpose.
However, the side effects were miserable, and I was very happy when the doctor said that eye drops would be sufficient going forward.
So I would sum it up as effective but miserable.
It took my pressure away, saved my eyes.
