I also have really annoying tingling feelings in my hands, feet and lips that hasn't yet gone away.
REFUSE TO CONTINUE.
About a month later the headaches and the memory and concentration issues came along with more asthma attacks.
A few days after stopping pills everything was back to normal.
Now I've stopped the medicine, my eye pressure become normal and constant.
The pressure in my head hasn't lessened though.
"I've been on and off this medicine since 2006, I was told I'd be able to stop, but it has has not happened.
At first, I felt so much better,then my dosage was increased.
And like others I can no longer drink carbonated beverages.
Sucks.
Did not help my symptoms the first time, and hasn't yet.
I was put on Diamox and my headaches or vision problems did not improve, in fact they got worse.
I have had more migraines since starting this than I ever did before.
I am glad this has worked for some, but I can not continue taking it.
The tingling was immediate.
I continue to have severe headaches still same pressure on my eyes and head.
I still have pulsing sound in Right ear.
Constant, remains unchanged.
Have not seen any changes or benefits due to this medication at this time.
"I absolutely hate it.
But my eye sight hadn't changed.
And it's all the same symptoms again.
Manufacturer and pharmacist both said NO, so now I am back on 2 caps a day; and the fluid is back! I can't take it anymore!".
"This drug has not helped relieve pressure, headaches or Visual Impairments in my case.
My vision continues to go in and out without notice, waking up everyday with a headache and continue to have one well into the late evening before bedtime.
It's not working for me but could for someone else.
For a year and a bit I was on Topamax and lost 30kg but the headaches never completely went away.
I just took this once and I will never take that again.
No side effects but unfortunately the Dex didn't work as I got altitude sickness.
One side effect I did experience was the drug Tegretol in tandem with Diamox did not allow the Diamox to work effectively.
This was soon discovered and Tegretol was stopped.
Before the medication I already had the ringing in my ears, the terrible headaches, and occasionally I had numbness of my face, hands, and legs along with many other symptoms.
Now since taking this medication the ring and headaches are EXACTLY the same if not worse and my feet are killing me, they are constantly "asleep" with the feeling of tiny thumb tack jabs all over.
Once blood clot was treated still had fluid behind my eyes, headaches, foggy brain and no energy.
"Diamox didn't work and I hate it".
It doesn't lower eye pressure for me in its entirety.
I have tried every available option out there to treat tinnitus and nothing has worked.
Nothing ever showed on MRI's so they kept giving me migraine medicines but nothing ever worked.
The tingling in my hands face and toes comes and goes.
However my doctor decided to take me off them and put me on Topamax because though the pressures were down, the headaches and pain was still there.
It's starting to fail now so my revision is scheduled and I'm back on diamox in the meantime.
The pressure in my head continues.
So far it's reduced the severity of my migraines but not their frequency, and hasn't done anything for the pain.
